{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh11340\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 1. Specialized online store - services bought and sold for currency (time credits?).\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
you can do a service to get currency\
you can use currency to get a service \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
What kind of app would it be?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 It would be a web app where users can post, find and exchange household services. The users can either pay with money or earn credits by providing their own services. There would be a rating system to evaluate the person.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Who is this project for?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Individuals who need household services, such as repairs, cleaning, and any service related to a house (or apartment): cleaning windows, fixing broken appliances, remodelling, babysitting, etc.\
\
Individuals who are willing to offer their services for money or credits. \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What needs will it satisfy?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 1) It will make finding a handyman (or woman) who can help you easier. You will not have to ask around to find out who is the best in town, you can just look on the app and find the person you need.\
2) It also creates an opportunity for skilled individuals to present their talents and make themselves be known. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 2. Specialized online store - bookstore with trading functionality.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What kind of app would it be?
\f1\b0 \
It will be a web app where users can buy-sell, rent-borrow, exchange, and give away books. The platform will act as both a marketplace and a community hub, enabling people to access books in flexible and affordable ways.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Who is this project for?
\f1\b0 \
This project is for anyone who wants to buy-sell, rent-borrow, exchange, or give away books. It is also for anyone who wants to read a book, and may want to/cannot buy the books they want to read due to financial or space limitations.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 What needs will it satisfy?
\f1\b0 \
The app will address several challengers readers face today:\
1) Accessibility to rare works: Finding books of specific authors can be difficult, especially if the authors works are out of print. \
\
2) Affordability of international books (not sold in the country): Some foreign books aren\'92t sold locally, and importing them in can get expensive.\
\
3) Flexible access to books: Not everyone wants to (or is able to) own or keep everything they read. Selling, renting, exchanging, or receiving books as give always provides cost and space effective options for readers.}